# MushroomDAO English Document
[中文版本](dao-zh.md)
## 1. Introduction
MushroomDAO is a Mycelium Protocol cooperator, Infra provider, and Application incubator.
MushroomDAO is a Decentralized Autonomous Organization, which is built by Mycelium Protocol cooperator, Infra provider, and Application incubator.
MushroomDAO's mission is to explore and practice Mycelium Protocol, and build a digital future for humanity.
MushroomDAO's vision is to provide components and community support (such as incubation and funding) to help innovators build and operate their own collaboration networks, thereby strengthening the overall protocol network.
## 2. Structure
MushroomDAO's structure is:
- Protocol initiator: HyperCapital organization, providing initial funding (basic funding within two years) and supplementary investment for incubator projects and future commercial collaboration.
- Protocol Vault: Initialized by the organization that launches the DAO, continuously receiving funding from protocol revenue to support other organizations and projects in the community.
- Protocol component builder: Openly providing grants to open-source organizations for protocol components and complementary components, AAStar is one of the early component builders.
- Protocol incubator: Process-driven rapid innovation incubation based on OpenNest (protocol).
- Community governance meeting: Participated by community members holding GToken, discussing the development direction and governance strategies of the protocol, gradually moving towards decentralization.

## 3. DAO Ability
1. Community digital support ability: Integrating the entire Ethereum account system and basic capabilities such as Gas Sponsor, distributed computing nodes, content distribution, and storage to serve the community through COS72.
2. Community innovation incubation ability: Through OpenNest (protocol) and collaboration with all communities, organizations, and individuals, process-driven rapid innovation incubation is provided to help innovators obtain funding and resources.
3. Community localization ability: Through exploring Web3 applications such as Chiang Mai Connect and Arcadia, the local community is helped to prosper economically and culturally.

## 4. Revenue
1. Protocol Token issuance: One-time sales of GToken and mPNTs issuance. Revenue types include BitCoin, ETH, and other valuable tokens.
2. Core protocol revenue: Mycelium Protocol provides a public network for everyone to collaborate and define, allocate, and exchange value. Anyone can define their value by issuing their own tokens and exchange and allocate value through the core protocol (currently based on Uniswap V4), and need to pay a certain protocol fee rate. Revenue types are mPNTs.
3. Vault loan: GToken is loaned to others to participate in the investment of a specific project, not the entire governance of the protocol, but only the investment right of a specific project. This type of investment is generally divided into three phases, specific reference [OpenNest](./paper/OpenNest.pdf).
4. Protocol application layer: Ordinary users use public items provided by the protocol, and need to pay mPNTs for additional quota and service capabilities beyond the free quota, such as paying mPNTs to use AirAccount's free Gas card and testament execution function, revenue types are mPNTs.
5. Protocol infrastructure layer: Developers and application parties need to use the basic infrastructure of the protocol, such as the revenue generated by issuing a free Gas card, the calculation and storage fees of SDSS, the Pin and storage space of Doris protocol, and the revenue types are mPNTs.
6. In addition, we will use Vault protocol as an angel to provide protocol technical support, grant, and a certain amount of investment for protocol-related projects. This type of investment has a certain proportion of mPNTs as investment returns, and the specific proportion and investment amount are determined by the Vault protocol, with a certain risk of project failure.

## 5. Contact us
[Github](https://github.com/orgs/MushroomDAO/projects/1)